>> Estelle: So, remember the counters?
Here's a counter again.
Can anyone tell me what this does?
>> Estelle: Okay, so-
>> Speaker 2: When you reload the page,
it resets the counter?
>> Estelle: Exactly, yeah.
Whenever it hits a body, and there's
only one body, it resets the counter.
Generally, I wouldn't even need that
because it basically also creates
the counter.
The next one, what does this do?
What does that match?
>> Speaker 3: Invalid input.
>> Estelle: Exactly, anything that's
invalid, which is generally an input.
And what does it do when
it hits that invalid input?
>> Speaker 3: Increases the counter.
>> Estelle: It increases the counter
with the name invalidCount.
I could have any number
of counters on this page.
Just give each counter a unique name and
then you can go with it.
>> Estelle: And
then here I printed to the page.
So I print the invalidCount counter.
And so whenever,
>> Estelle: Whenever
it counters something that's invalid,
it actually does that.
So now I know you understand that.
So here's another example, and this is
the one I was hoping you would play with.
So,
>> Estelle: The reason I have,
okay, so
let's just look at the syntax here.
So here, I have two quotes and
then the counter.
So the reason I have two quotes
is because I have a space there,
because I don't want it to look like that.
So you quote the strings.
>> Estelle: And so I could do paragraphs,
>> Estelle: And then I could do that.
And then I could do are.
>> Estelle: And
then I could continue, I can have,
doesn't matter how many quoted strings.
The thing to note is,
it's not interpolated,
it is just presented as a string.
>> Estelle: Okay, so,
if you see in the bottom left-hand corner,
I somehow broke my counter.
Because I'm still on slider number three,
right there.
>> Estelle: So there's something wrong
with my counter because it says number
four, and then every time I move over
it just goes back to number three.
So, what I'm doing,
the way I'm making my slide deck work
is each slide has the class of slide,
and then there's
far past, past, current,
future, and far future.
And I think what I'm doing is I'm
removing the slide class from the slide.
Because I pulled it out of JavaScript, and
I think I pulled an old version of this
JavaScript, which created
these a different way.
So the way the slide is created,
it toggles the slide class on and
off every time it gets a class
of either far past, past,
current, future, far future, those
are the only ones with the slide class.
Actually no, it's not that, it's all
of the others have a display of none so
they don't exist, and so
they're not being counted.
It's one of those two things that are
happening, either I'm removing the slide
class from those or it's display none,
so it's not being counted.
And that's why there's just one
through five in this deck and
that's all you're ever going to see.
And I'm pretty sure it's the not counting
the display none, which is the reason,
cuz I'm not sure which JavaScript I used.